TODO from last month:

## 2024 Dec 31
- ~~I ran the inference on libri2mix and it seems quite good, but the audio sounds a bit off.~~ (This is due to normalization issues, I added normalization at the end and it seems good). 
- ~~[] Make the audio normailzation before inference.~~ (Same as above).
- [x] Add DNSMOS and WER, and SpkSim and see results. (Runing)
	-  DNSMOS Seems good, but SpkSim and WER is not that good.
- ~~[ ] Make the audio normalization before training and retrain it.~~ (Not necessary as some layers will make normalization first).
- [ ] Conduct Model on Challenge dataset.


  
## 2025 Jan 1

- ~~[ ] [Laura_GPT_SE] run an experiment that normalizes audio first. Make it `config_v1.yaml`. After running it, rm the config before.~~
- [x] Change DNSMOS to have the model ckpt to be one of the arguments; so that I can move the script anywhere.
- [x] Downloaded JIWER on bltang_new on AC Chaosuan
- [x] Change WER to use ~~Large~~ (Medium) Model. (Large model is not enough for inference)
	-  [x] Still Downloading 
	-  [x] Running base model on Libri2Mix reference speech
**❗️❗️❗️❗️ Don't create a new file or directory on VScode in SCNet ❗️❗️❗️❗️. Create it in the terminal** (This is to avoid the permission issue.) Maybe we can solve later.
-     [ ] Solve Permission issues. 

## 2025 Jan 2
- Finished DNSMOS, WER, and SpkSim Code.
- Ran DNSMOS, WER, SpkSim Evaluation on Laura_GPT_SE Libri2Mix.
- [x] Run WER using Whisper Large

## 2025 Jan 3

1. [ ] Use Multiple SE rounds when infering with lauraGPT
2. Meeting Signature Work:
	1. - 
3. SE Meeting
	- [ ] No need to submit a paper
	- __Deadline: Jan 22 (Extended one week)__
	- Rules: __MOS__ will only be conducted on English dataset, the other metrics is applied to other languages. 
	- 8k, 16k, 22.05k, 24k, 32k, 44.1k. Each SR is equal number.  
4. [ ] Figure out how does the audio clipping comes from.
	1. [ ] Figure out how to adjust audio amplitude for dynamic mixing (figure out whether we need to normalize input and output, and how to do so?)
		1. If it is offline data, then no need to adjust.
		2. If it is online, then: 
5. [ ] Run an experiment without normalization; __the data is already normalized if offline.__
	1. [x] Removed normalization in _`/DKUdata/tangbl/FunCodec/egs/se/libri2mix/utils/export_libri2mix_funcodec.py `._ No need to normalize the input audio because it is already normalized. 
	2. [x] Upload un_norm data to ac
	4. [ ] Delete the data bak files on server and on ac
6. Medical Research
	- [x] Read Paper 

## 2024 Jan 4
1. [x] Medical Research Paper Finished
2. [x] Figure out Urgent Data Augmentation Script to apply that to Dynamic Mixing


## 2024 Jan 5
- [x] fix urgent challenge data errors
- [x] fix laura_gpt_se training issue (data files not changed).
- [x] fix laura gpt training save checkpoint issues.
## Python for loop else 
if a else is used at the end of the for loop. Then it means if no break is executed, the code will run the else condition. Example code: 
```python
for item in iterable: 
	# Loop body 
	if condition: 
		break # Exits the loop and skips the `else` block 
else: 
	# Executes only if the loop is not exited with `break` 
	print("Loop completed without a break")
```

## 2024 Jan 6
- __Explore using process_map function for multiple threading processing.__
- __re.fullmatch__
	Example code:
```python
match = re.fullmatch(
	f"wind_noise\(threshold=(.*),ratio=(.*),attack=(.*),release=(.*),sc_gain=(.*),clipping=(.*),clipping_threshold=(.*)\)",
	augmentation[0],
)
(
	threshold_,
	ratio_,
	attack_,
	release_,
	sc_gain_,
	clipping_,
	clipping_threshold_,
) = match.groups()
```
- [x] Integrate ffmpeg in python (compared with the original method) 

## 2024 Jan 10
__TODO(Running Club)__:
- [x] Newsletter (Waiting for review now)
	- [x]  Done the base scripts
	- [x] Waiting for some photos from Kennedy: 
		- [x] Thanksgiving banquet, 
		- [x] Make sure the UWC parkrun date and add it to the newsletter.
	- [x] Wait for Peter哥 to send his email 
- [x] Send the poster and qualtrics for hiking (waiting)
	- Finished the qualtrics 
- [x] Do the attendance counting and daily photo uploading (Waiting for Kennedy to send me)
- [x] Park Run Report send to Bingfang 
- [x] Add Newsletter to Box Folder (Communication Materials) (After confirmation from Coco)
- [x] Thanksgiving Banquet group photo 
	- Add it to box folder [✔]
	- Add it to club newsletter [✔]
- [x] Add new people to main group (Mark them as new instead of member)
__TODO__ SOCI110:
- [x] Send the creative journal


## 2024 Jan 11
1. Computer Vision assignment 1:
	1. [x] Finish the comments and polish the code for question 1



## 2024 Jan 12

- [x] Finished the random sampling for better randomness


## 2024 Jan 14

- Urgent 2025 Data Preparation
	- [x] Finish the Wind Noise using Tempfile and it works on Linux Machine
	- [x] Change urgent2025 Environment to dtk 24.04
__The club expo people goes from Maryana Malyushytska (12:56 Jan 13) (Later than her.)__


## 2024 Jan 16
- [x] Finish the Mon, Tue, Wed attendance sheet
- [x] Finish Data testing just to make sure the script works good
- [ ] Run the model
- [ ] Call the hotel ()
- [ ] Talk to Coco to make the poster, 
- [x] Distribute qualtrics for training camp


- [x] Talk to Tony to get First-aid-Kit 


## 2024 Jan 18
- [ ] Reply to Github Issues


## 2024 Jan 20
Liu Dong:
	1. Give the WavLM To LJ Speech Code
	2. Give funcodec mel spectrogram code repository

__SOSC110__ Color Theorepy:

- [x] Personalized Speech: Use voice conversion to convert audio to text


## 2024 Jan 22
- [ ] Running Club Cleanup on Weekend (Tell Gaoang to do it)
- [ ] Meet with Zhiwei etc, to discuss March 22nd. 
- [ ] Review the ICME paper
- [x] Run the SE model
- [x] Review SOSC PPT
	- [x] Review theirs
- [x] Prepare for CV quiz
- [x] Install CV software!!!



## 2024 Jan 23
- [ ] Signature work sign up _IN the marked folder_
	- [ ] 做poster或者presentation